Fixed Make and Readme (#11)
fedacking/fedackings-lc-3-vm: README.md

## Included binaries

> The repo comes with 23included binaries to run, stored in the binaries folder for the purposes of testing and validating the VM. The first one is `binaries/test.obj` that prints an "@\n" in the terminal and halts. The second one is `binaries/2048.obj` that runs the 2048 game in the terminal. The third one is `binaries/rogue.obj` that runs the rogue game in the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repo comes with 3 included binaries to run, stored in the binaries folder for the purposes of testing and validating the VM. The first one is `binaries/test.obj` that prints an "@\n" in the terminal and halts. The second one is `binaries/2048.obj` that runs the 2048 game in the terminal. The third one is `binaries/rogue.obj` that runs the rogue game in the terminal.
```
